Our project is Java COVID 19 Cases Tracker System, so we are going to develop an interface or web application
for tracking the cases all over the world of COVID 19.
So during this pandemic scenario, we have seen there are using data analysis, part in COVID tracking
system.
So we are going to create some data visualization or we can send data set part with some spring framework
and we are going to find some formal and visible solution for this.
So COVID 19 crisis ecosystem, we are going to be using Java.
So this Java project is based on code Java, Java Spring Framework and so on.
So I'm not going to because of consumption, I'm using some solid concepts here.
So our food system is based on Java framework.
I'm going to teach the Java Spring framework from the scratch.
I'm going to explain Java course in Texas.
And so our project is Java COVID 19 Prep. And we are going to build some data presentation part in our
friending using Java.
I'm using here data set by default data set, but I'm not creating my own dataset here.
I'm using data as a default on available on the internet.
You can use such similar datasets also.
So this is one of the useful application.
Or we can one of the useful data representation application in current pandemic, we can find all the
cases we can find the.
Or or we can see ascending limbs descending lift off each annually.
So this is all about how we are going to develop our project.
So let's see what is our project first.
So our project aim is to develop web applications from the ecosystem of COVID 19 cases.
So we are going to develop one web application for this purpose and we are going to users think two
steps of development are explicitly posted projects set up how we are going to set about project.
Secondly, understanding different tools we are going to use here, what is the dependency then etc?
What are the simple files and all the things you're?
Some basic concepts.
JavaScript framework, Java solar concepts, I'm not going to use force of live Python.
I'm just considering so as some in Texas Java web interfaces.
How the web interfaces are made in Java files, etc. So this is all about how the state software development
server project aims to develop the reputation.
Application requirements, Java basic knowledge.
If you should have some Java basic knowledge regarding the syntax of the eugenics.
I'm not going to explain from the scratch of Java, but I'm going to tell you for some simple cases.
Java spin framework.
I'm not going with syntax this part on the part of Java string, but you should not the Java spinning,
but otherwise I'm going to explain also your then Java web development how the web application developed
in Java in regard to the solid part.
What is different in back end, each and every team then tools required here is JDK used.
Our development kit get Prince ID, which is basically intelligent idea.
It is very useful platform to create such Java applications.
I'm going to use your ultimate edition, but you can choose Community Edition also then spring initialize
it, which is basically a web interface to initialize your project.
So this is it about how we can go with this.
So I'm going to satisfy the Java basic concepts also here.
But before that, you should remember from Java V6 in Texas.
I'm just telling you the Java basic concepts.
Yet so Java is made up of three parts other than other languages like Python or seed.
There are no parts in their languages that are just compilers or interpreters, which are compiling
a language, language, machine level language, and you're printing the output or you are developing
your project.
But Java is made up of three parts.
First is JVM, which is Java virtual machine.
Why?
I am telling you this because JVM is over runtime server, we can see all these filters.
So we are going to fetch data from one thing on every level on the internet, which is slowly updated
within one day or two days.
So these are our datasets and what we are going to do.
We are going to loaded in the solar part and we are going to present using Java Free.
So Java Virtual Machine is not physically existing machine.
It is virtual machine.
It provides runtime enrolment in which Java bytecode executed.
It also runs programs in other languages.
But compiling Java by so basic thing is each node scored, which is very important in so server part
server.
In part, it verifies the words which is basically the compiler or something, which detects executes
code and provides the rendering environment.
Why I'm telling you the JVM thing is if you are getting runtime error, no need to check your application
code or et cetera, you have to check your basic go to jail.
So these are the things you are going to use your.
So other than this jihadi jihadist Java document, which you set of rules, libraries, Java executor
and Java application programs, it is implementation of Java and we can say for the imitation.
But but we need back in the jihadi form.
Again, this is physically exist.
So these are some libraries Java files to modify using Java.
JDK Java Development Kit.
Contains Jihadi pleasure in food allergy, mimics duty.
Also, it contains Java compiler, which is basically compiling by bus and which is basically you are
downloading the JDK only from the website.
I'm using it in Java JDK 16 Trojan, but then you are downloading.
That part is basically to the C word in standard edition versions.
Enterprise Edition Wooden's available on Java.
So these are the basic things.
So legacy pictorial representation of this JVM is this basically the oval shaped JVM, which is basically
a virtual machine which loads the bytecode and all the things about you?
Like all the RAM, all the things are virtual, so it's just a little for our purposes.
By creating this application and executing all the codes set of libraries justified in some other files
like document, ventilation, etc, etc. And then you can mix Jerry.
Jerry convinced JVM and all these things.
JDK contains some Java files other than this Guardian are letting some Java compiler solve for there.
There are some dependencies in duty, Kelsall, so all the things makes Git JVM plays jihadi and Java
compiler, so the downloaded file is basically just again, you're installing that.
So if you are not installed on JDK, try to download it adjudicate, would you?
0:44 Also, give the part name eugenics cetra, or you can check your proposal of your team and you
can check the Java word, you know, and so using Java Virgin Command in your system.
So I checked and I'm using superintelligent.
So this is it.
We are going to do so.
I'm going to tell you some Java methods and classes later.
But let us see how we can initialize our project first.
So let me go to the Chrome, your web browser, any web browser you have to go then going to this standard
spring dot.
So this is basically the spring initialize that we can see it's being initializing project so you can
check their documentation, eugenics, cetera.
So currently they're using, oh, 1.5 to two point.
Also, these basically are on the window currently.
Oh, and so you can check your Springwood War against let basically religion, and these are the snapshots.
So these are not the stable evidence who can take this is the stable version 2.5 then million project
we are going to use.
So in there are people for pretty much already deployed.
So other then I'm telling the web application I'm going with call job on Google are basically based
on three four applications.
Popular are three and my million little.
So and he's basically convinced some Web apps of legitimacy.
Also, data and based framework on some.
But Miami is a more advanced part of and which contain spring.
I would need all all the things.
Oh, in that part, I will tell you what is hibernating Judy, basically Judy, which is basically connecting
bark hibernate.
You can initialize the command database directly in the Java files.
No need to extend that part.
So these are the main things.
And that is basically for the mobile app development, cetera for all languages of the Java use language
Java.
No need to choose.
This could not go with Java with this.
Now we are going to mention these forbidden.
I'm going.
Mentioned as.
Well, we.
So artifact name is again.
But I like this name is this.
Then?
Namely, it's COVID 19.
Cases.
And I could.
Package name is this.
Remember, I'm using Java Javi's 16, good, click your 16th word in Java.
So we need to declare some and some dependencies.
Also liquor and dependencies part so hope you can see this part.
All the things.
Let me add the part, which is spring web.
We need to deploy applications using spin events.
So beautiful thing of spring, you never required any Soviet silver particle.
Apache Tomcat is the default embedded container which deploys on the internet, and you will get the
output.
So these are they're deployed.
So we're in the spring web.
Then let me add him live.
Which is basically Java template engine for the solo line or standalone arrangement, which you basically
can live in June, which allows the estimate to correctly deploys on the browser and as a static brutal
base.
And if it's so dynamic, going to bring them and bring all we can see, they also spring would doubtless
like reload, restart.
I need to use that part.
So these things I need to request so spring web tim and spring wood.
Other than this, you can add wedding also for the Chad Morton eugenic system so you can check there.
I'm not using here any restful API because of steam file will be loaded to the spring only, so nobody's
Fool API is required here.
So the job I'm having and this.
Give as it is this and generate once you generate this, you can see the file is downloaded, which
is basically defeat.
And later we are going to open it and over it.
But before that, or proceeding to our project here to see the Java basic concept concepts for us.
So first is Java methods and classes, so everything in the Java is made up of classes and objects.
You seen lower programming Java.
Again, it's glass and metal.
So while writing any program, printing any output, or if you are making any arithmetic program, you
need to require classes and methods.
So everything in Java is associated with classes and methods without classes and methods.
You can write any Java program, which is basically people in every job.
For example, in real life, cars are objects.
About Usera having some attributes like weight, color.
Method side of drywall break, stop, etc..
Open the door are also can be method, so do other things like Angela.
So method side adjust the logic behind that bottom.
So classes is like object constructor on blue print for objects of God is the object.
So but we can create as one class as a beacon.
Similarly, we can put in that we call motorbike.
Also, another object carries an object tracking, then another object to classes.
The basically the object constructor and object is basically to use that called the class or use that
class or execute particular class.
And object and called the instance of classes, we don't object, we cannot call classes, except the
class, you know, similar class or classes, subclasses part or even classes in literature that part.
So the inheritance concept you don't original concept.
We cannot use all classes without any objects.
Meters are declared within the classes.
It contains the whole code of particular functions.
Methodist contains certain values, accessibility patterns also.
So basically it turns out to be the logical thinking of logical part.
We can see a logical block of classes contains all the logic of the whole process.
And object of class is created, we can easily use that common touch with objects with something else
like object art methods, etc. in the Java, and you can definitely use that objects and classes and
methods.
Again, Miniter Rs30 Palminteri in Java version public static void main thing with arguements, which
returns always strings.
It is made metal, which is default method in Java to run any program in Java.
So this is the first thing which loads on JVM.
So while writing the code, we are going to write some logic in Minmetals only, or we are going to
call that logic, you know, mm only to run the problem.
So do it about the Java methods and policies, but what is this thing doing here?
So let's see, what does this bring framework here is?
So if you know, in the pipeline or in any other languages, there are some default frameworks to deploy
on the web as a python as Django and Plus.
Similarly, in Java in 2003, it's being trained we've created, which is basically basic framework
in Java.
But there are several steps of development be taken, and spring framework is now very popular in Java
to deploy any application.
Second thing, it's long term stability.
And third thing is, it's very easy to use.
So there are some advantages of putting the framework on.
So I'm going to deal with this slow spring framework.
Use lightweight framework we can see, and you can start as a framework of frameworks.
So there are different frameworks in Java as to say what types would you be JSF?
So these are some popular free, mostly Java Spring frameworks includes all the frameworks, and they
made some robust framework for that.
So no need to required.
I wouldn't need or foods again and again.
We can use spring forward.
This is my Web MVC framework, which had several modules like the IOC then database, in addition to
the in dependency injection also there.
So these are some default cases framework you can set as a structure where we find a solution of various
technical problems.
So in spring framework, we can use database, then hibernate part, then JS part solid part also.
And so these are there's some default frameworks.
So in three for the windows, I'm going with some steps of development and how we are going to develop
our project.
So first, initialize your project using Spring Initialism, use that constraint and use that.